c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\bin\Debug\EnviarCorreo.Nativo.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\bin\Debug\EnviarCorreo.Nativo.pdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\bin\Debug\EnviarCorreo.Nativo.EnviarCorreo.Nativo.apk
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\bin\Debug\EnviarCorreo.Nativo.EnviarCorreo.Nativo-Signed.apk
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\EnviarCorreo.Nativo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\EnviarCorreo.Nativo.dll
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\EnviarCorreo.Nativo.pdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\android\bin\EnviarCorreo.Nativo.EnviarCorreo.Nativo.apk
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\bin\Debug\EnviarCorreo.Nativo.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\bin\Debug\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\bin\Debug\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\bin\Debug\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\bin\Debug\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\bin\Debug\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\android\assets\EnviarCorreo.Nativo.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\obj\Debug\EnviarCorreo.Nativo.dll.mdb
c:\users\alumnos.equipo22.000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\EnviarCorreo.Nativo\bin\Debug\EnviarCorreo.Nativo.dll.mdb
